The Joe Rogan experience.
One thing I will say about Spotify layout though, like as a fan, you know,
I want to tune into the pod. Sometimes I find it hard to, to watch on my TV.
Yeah. So that sucks. Mm-hmm <affirmative>.
You're, you're working on that. Yeah. They're, they're gonna,
it's eventually gonna be on all platforms in terms of like television based
forms. Well, right now it's on, uh,
Chromecast and it's gonna be on it's on Google play
and they're working on Roku and apple TV.
They're working on a bunch of different platforms. That'll eventually be,
but it's not as smooth as it probably should have been when it first,
when we first transferred over and just December,
but they just weren't ready for the volume. They had never had a show.
First of all, they,
they created video because of the conversation we had about this podcast. Yeah.
They wanted the podcast to be audio only. And, uh, my manager was like,
think about the Elon Musk moment when Elon Musk smoking weed. Oh, that's huge.
That is a viral moment. That only happens with video where Elon's like,
it's legal. Right? I'm like, yeah, it's totally legal. That's huge.
I saw the painting. Yeah. And then it's, I remember I was at the airport and uh,
I had, uh, sunglasses and a hat and I'm on my way to Vegas.
And I'm like looking at this, uh, CNN monitor.
It shows Elon smoking weed on my podcast. And I'm like, oh no, <laugh>.
What.
A trip. I was like, what have I done? But the, those moments,
those crazy viral moments, um, they don't exist without video.
And my manager said that to Spotify and Spotify's like, you're right.
And then they started working on the video platform and then
know there's been a lot of weird, like, um, a lot of, uh, you know,
we were talking about like how people
get a sense of who a person is without actually communicating with them without
actually being there with them. And you could define someone or, you know,
have this like, um,
distorted perception of who a person is without actually communicating with
them.
That's one of the things that happened with Spotify with like some of their
staff where they thought I was transphobic or thought I was like, mm-hmm,
<affirmative> a bad per I,
I saw one of their staff say that I was a shock Jack shock,
jock like that. I'm not even remotely.
You's a dude. The mic. Yeah. I always tell people cuz sometimes
I know he's a cop and stuff. So I see you more as a comic than anything. And
you didn't intend on this becoming as big as it's become.
It's just organically grown and people tune in cuz they want to tune in.
You're not, you're not being forced fed down people's throat.
They're like choosing to listen to you.
Yeah. But when I've actually on purpose,
never advertised for this show,
I've never asked people to watch it.
I've never gone on television shows and promoted it.
I've never taken out any billboards or ads.
Spotify did some of that stuff when I switched over to them,
but I never did any.
Of it.
So I always think it's so odd when people hold you to the same standards as like
CNBC or these entities where you're just like a guy with a mic,
you.
Know what I mean?
They Don don't like it because it gets much more of an audience than them.
That's what freaks 'em out.
When you have these huge multinational corporations that have
thousands of employees and they can't even touch the amount of reach that a guy
with a podcast has. Yeah. That's madness for them.
I've seen clips of your like first episode or whatever or pictures.
It's like absurd. It's absurd, you know? Yeah.
And it's been an organic thing. Yeah. You can.
See, you can see how it grows,
but it also a lesson to all these other comics too. Like what's the difference?
Well, the difference I grind, I just keep going. Yeah.
It's the same thing with that. Got you. Good at comedy.
What got you good at comedy stage time.
Mm-hmm <affirmative> what gets you good at podcast podcast time? You don't.
Have to notice doing it. Even just doing my podcast.
Cause especially during the pandemic, what's called dance time,
Forman or dance hour dance Hourman or dance just uh, when the pandemic hit,
you lean into what is available to you. So standup wasn't really there.
So I doubled down on the podcast.
I got like a nicer space to film it in like a nice studio and,
and I've been doing it for two years now and obviously I'm better at it now than
I was first three months or whatever.
It's a skill it's skill and time is time. And any,
anything that you do and I've just found,
it's helped with my standup even, uh,
cuz talking is talking and even though this is conversational,
it just wires your brain and you have certain pathways where you are
comfortable,
formulating thought it's conducive to podcasting and then also
stand up.
Yeah. Well the best example that is bill Burr.
Yes. With his Monday morning podcast. Cause he's.
Ranting, just him and a microphone and,
and he's so prolific with the standup because he's developed that muscle of
creation.
And also I'm kind of an introvert.
Like I don't really talk a lot just like if I'm at a party or something,
I'm not like life of the party or anything, it's kind of laying the cut.
So having a weekly podcast where I have to expunge at length for an hour or
two hours, whatever it may be. It forces you, you have no guests. Uh,
sometimes I do, like I had Joe list on, um, I love Joe list.
I love Joe list too. Yeah. Yeah. It's hilarious. So I I'm gonna,
I'm gonna use my network. I've been doing stand for.
So I wanna like get Bobby on eventually and just whoever wants to do it to like
get some guests,
but I also like not having it be so guest dependent where the people just like
me and my co-host. Yeah. And yeah. Yeah.
So just like I've just found that podcasting has lent itself, uh,
uh, elevating my standup, even.
For sure. It, it not just elevated my standup,
but it elevated who I like the way I think about things.
It elevated my ability to communicate with people.
Like I'm way better at talking to people now. Um,
I'm critical about my ability to talk to people. Like if I, um,
have a conversation that's clunky and this is so weird,
like just a dinner conversation. I say something clunky or it bothers me.
Like I wake up in the middle of the night, take a leak and it bothers me. I'm,
I'm like if people think I'm like cocky,
I'm the most hypercritical person that I know. I hate everything I do. Yeah.
I have to accept that. Everything I like when, when I release a special,
I don't ever watch them, I edit them and then I never watch 'em again.
I just release it. I don't wanna watch myself. I hate myself.
I'm the same way dude, in that way. Yeah.
Like sometimes trolls will like write some or whatever.
I think what troll Don understand is I don't love everything I do. <laugh> yeah,
of course. You're.
Probably right. Yeah. For sure. There's no other way to get good. Yeah.
You have to be hyper critical.
Yeah. And put the thing about being an artist or whatever is,
is you have to put yourself out there good or bad.
You have to put yourself out there. Yeah. And if you get that, you get that.
Some people like it, some people don't, but I took the swing and there it is.
And, but that's, I don't love everything that I've done. The thing is.
They didn't take the swing, the trolls didn't take the swing.
And one of the things that they have the ability to do is they have the ability
to criticize you and criticize everyone without looking at themselves.
And that's why they focus so much time on criticizing other people.
Yeah. I've almost found though that I don't get mad at that.
I understand it for what it is, but also I think that troll forum or whatever,
like that's their comedy store. That's that's their outlet. Yeah, for sure.
Yeah.
And I, I get it. Well, that's why I think, uh, comments are important.
I used to think that comments are like,
like I had a friend reach out when I said that, um, I wanna figure out a way to,
for Spotify to put comments on the episodes. And they were like, don't do that.
This friend reached out. And he was like,
that is the worst part of YouTube is the comments I'm like,
I don't know if that's right.
I mean it sometimes the worst part of the comments,
but also sometimes it gives people the abil and I, I can't read them.
And one of the reasons why I can't read them is I don't, I don't have the time.
I don't have the time to engage with all these different ideas and opinions.
And I think that if, as long look,
if I was being disingenuous with my criticism on myself,
I probably could use comments to keep me in line. But I'm ruthless with myself.
Like I'm good. And I don't wanna hurt my feelings.
I'm the same way. Uh,
I kind of CRA I put it out there and I don't need to go it.
I always like in going into the, the comment section,
it's like Lord of the rings,
you put a BA battle helmet on <laugh> fight the Yorks. Yeah. You,
you fight Bork. Yeah. It's just not emotional as an artist. You,
you there's no good. There's no good. And going into the comment, it's not,
not healthy. So.
It's not healthy to hear the good stuff either. Yeah.
Praising you like,
but I understand the value and that it's community based and yeah,
that's great that they have a forum to do that. There's a value in that.
There's a value in that. That's where YouTube shines.
I don't have to be privy to that. I can just create,
blast it out and just worry about me.
That's where she,
YouTube shines over all other forums is that they have that comment section.
I think that Spotify needs to recognize that.
And I've tried to talk to them about that.
And there's been some discussion about putting,
but one of the things they said was like, if we put comments on your podcast,
we have to put comments on everybody's podcast. Yeah. So, um, but I go, why?
Why just put 'em on mine. I don't give a. Just put 'em on mine.
I it's like these people that are commenting. Even if they have criticism,
they're listening, man. Yeah.
Like sometimes they hate me and sometimes they love me, but that's,
they're entitled to it, but that's just like me.
Mm-hmm <affirmative> I don't like me all the time either. Yeah.
They, I, I have this thought. I go sometimes like when somebody write something,
I want to be like, you think you can top what's in my brain. Yeah.
It's impossible. You think you're a better troll in my brain.
You're not there. When I wake up at five in the morning, angry at myself.
When I go to the gym, you have no.
Idea. Yeah. The biggest trolls in my head. Good luck. Yeah. <laugh>.
Good luck. Good luck. Yeah. Is monsters in my head. Good luck.
Catch new episodes. The Joe Rogan experience for free only on Spotify.
Watch back catalog JRE videos on Spotify,
including clips easily seamlessly switch between video
and audio experience on Spotify.
You can listen to the JRE in the background while using other apps and can
download episodes to, to save on data cost. All for free.
Spotify is absolutely free.
You don't have to have a premium account to watch new JRE episodes.
You just need to search for the JRE on your Spotify app.
Go to Spotify now to get this full episode of the Joe Rogan experience.